# Nekopara Series

Nekopara is a game about cats. Specifically, it's a game where you play as Neko the cat and do things like cleaning up after your owner's house while they're away or helping out at the local café. It also involves a lot of sex with other people's cats, but that's not the focus of this review (though we'll get to it).

This isn't a typical dating sim in which you have to woo some cute girl and win her heart through conversation. Instead, Nekopara takes place in a world where most people are into catgirls and will happily fall for you if you try hard enough. You can use magic to change yourself into a human form, though that only lasts for a couple minutes before reverting back to being a catboy again. The idea here is to become a big catgirl celebrity by doing ridiculous stunts and having fun with your cat-fans. So far, so good. But there's one problem: the gameplay.

The developers tried to make the cat-human transformation mechanic feel unique, but they failed. A simple button press turns you into a cat or human, which is fine; unfortunately, that's literally all you need to know about playing the game. Unlike many other RPGs, Nekopara doesn't require any kind of skill whatsoever. This means that anyone can just hop in and start making money off their cat's popularity without having any knowledge of how to play the game. Even worse, this lets players skip past the entire tutorial stage, which is usually the first thing new players need to learn about the game.

So what does one do when they've skipped the tutorial? Well, they go outside and steal a bunch of stuff from people's houses. It turns out that Neko has the ability to teleport around town, which makes it easy to rob random citizens. That's right, this game is basically Grand Theft Cat! As Neko's fame grows, he gets invited to a radio station where he earns points to spend on his catgirl transformation. These points can be spent on different perks, such as giving yourself a better chance at getting a date with another catgirl or changing your appearance.
